:github_url: https://github.com/PATRIC3/p3_docs/blob/master/docroot/news/2014/20140308-enabling-comparative-modeling-of-closely-related-genomes-example-genus-brucella.rst

================================================================================
Enabling comparative modeling of closely related genomes: example genus Brucella
================================================================================

.. feed-entry::
   :date: 2014-03-08

Faria, J.P., Edirisinghe J.N., J.J. Davis, T. Disz, A. Hausmann, C.S.
Henry, R. Olson, R.A. Overbeek, G.D. Pusch, M. Shukla, V. Vonstein, A.R.
Wattam (2014). “\ **Enabling comparative modeling of closely related
genomes: example genus *Brucella*.”** 3 Biotech 2190-572X: 1-5.  doi:
10.​1007/​s13205-014-0202-4.

 

**Abstract**

For many scientific applications, it is highly desirable to be able to
compare metabolic models of closely related genomes. In this short
report, we attempt to raise awareness to the fact that taking annotated
genomes from public repositories and using them for metabolic model
reconstructions is far from being trivial due to annotation
inconsistencies. We are proposing a protocol for comparative analysis of
metabolic models on closely related genomes, using fifteen strains of
genus \ *Brucella*, which contains pathogens of both humans and
livestock. This study lead to the identification and subsequent
correction of inconsistent annotations in the SEED database, as well as
the identification of 31 biochemical reactions that are common
to \ *Brucella*, which are not originally identified by automated
metabolic reconstructions. We are currently implementing this protocol
for improving automated annotations within the SEED database and these
improvements have been propagated into PATRIC, Model-SEED, KBase and
RAST. This method is an enabling step for the future creation of
consistent annotation systems and high-quality model reconstructions
that will support in predicting accurate phenotypes such as
pathogenicity, media requirements or type of respiration.
