:github_url: https://github.com/PATRIC3/p3_docs/blob/master/docroot/news/2013/20131120-patric-the-bacterial-bioinformatics-database-and-analysis-resource.rst

===================================================================
PATRIC, the bacterial bioinformatics database and analysis resource
===================================================================

.. feed-entry::
   :date: 2013-11-20

Wattam, A.R., D. Abraham, O. Dalay, T.L. Disz, T. Driscoll, J.L.
Gabbard, J.J. Gillespie, R. Gough, D. Hix, R. Kenyon, D. Machi, C. Mao,
E.K. Nordberg, R. Olson, R. Overbeek, G.D. Pusch, M. Shukla, J.
Schulman, R.L. Stevens, D.E. Sullivan, V. Vonstein, A. Warren, R. Will,
M.J.C. Wilson, H. Seung Yoo, C. Zhang, Y. Zhang, B.W. Sobral (2014).
“PATRIC, the bacterial bioinformatics database and analysis
resource." Nucl Acids Res 42 (D1): D581-D591. 
doi:10.1093/nar/gkt1099.  PMID: 24225323.

**Abstract**

The Pathosystems Resource Integration Center (PATRIC) is the
all-bacterial Bioinformatics Resource Center (BRC)
(`http://www.patricbrc.org <http://www.patricbrc.org/>`__). A joint
effort by two of the original National Institute of Allergy and
Infectious Diseases-funded BRCs, PATRIC provides researchers with an
online resource that stores and integrates a variety of data types
[e.g. genomics, transcriptomics, protein–protein interactions (PPIs),
three-dimensional protein structures and sequence typing data] and
associated metadata. Datatypes are summarized for individual genomes and
across taxonomic levels. All genomes in PATRIC, currently more than 10
000, are consistently annotated using RAST, the Rapid Annotations using
Subsystems Technology. Summaries of different data types are also
provided for individual genes, where comparisons of different
annotations are available, and also include available transcriptomic
data. PATRIC provides a variety of ways for researchers to find data of
interest and a private workspace where they can store both genomic and
gene associations, and their own private data. Both private and public
data can be analyzed together using a suite of tools to perform
comparative genomic or transcriptomic analysis. PATRIC also includes
integrated information related to disease and PPIs. All the data and
integrated analysis and visualization tools are freely available. This
manuscript describes updates to the PATRIC since its initial report in
the 2007 NAR Database Issue.
