:github_url: https://github.com/PATRIC3/p3_docs/blob/master/docroot/news/2011/20110502-drs-sobral-and-wattam-author-a-chapter-in-%e2%80%9cbrucella-molecular-microbiology-and-genetics%e2%80%9d.rst

===========================================================================================
Drs. Sobral and Wattam Author a Chapter in “Brucella: Molecular Microbiology and Genetics”.
===========================================================================================

.. feed-entry::
   :date: 2011-05-02

Sobral, B. and A. Wattam (2011). Comparative genomics and phylogenomics
of the *Brucella*. Book chapter in "Brucella: Molecular Microbiology
and Genetics”. I. L.-G. D. O’Callaghan, Horizon Scientific Press.

**Introduction**

*Brucella* species are characterized by extremely high levels of
nucleotide similarity and yet vary in microbial and disease phenotypes,
as well as in pathogenicity and host preference. These variations
initially resulted in classification of six species; *B. abortus*, *B.
canis*, *B. melitensis*, *B. neotomae*, *B. ovis* and *B. suis*. The
lack of sequence diversity has inhibited molecular studies, but the
development of new techniques and the recent availability of genome
sequences have revealed interesting differences, including the expansion
of the known *Brucella* species.

Recently, the *Brucella* genus has expanded by the discovery of four new
species, *B. ceti* and *B. pinnipedialis* from marine mammals, *B.
inopinata* from new human isolates, and *B. microti,* isolated from a
rodent in the Czech Republic . An as yet unnamed isolate from Australian
rodents might also be classified as a new species. This review
summarizes the current state of knowledge of the genetic diversity
within *Brucella*, including both the classical and new species, with
particular emphasis on comparing the genome sequences, the phylogenies
produced by a variety of methods and specific families of genes in
particular functions and pathways.
