:github_url: https://github.com/PATRIC3/p3_docs/blob/master/docroot/news/20110627-driscoll-mao-and-gabbard-publish-work-on-patrics-host-pathogen-data-and-visualizations.rst

========================================================================================
Driscoll, Mao and Gabbard Publish Work on PATRICâ€™s Host-Pathogen Data and Visualizations
========================================================================================

.. feed-entry::
   :date: 2011-06-27

Tim Driscoll, Joseph L. Gabbard, Chunhong Mao, Oral Dalay, Maulik
Shukla, Clark C. Freifeld, Anne Gatewood Hoen, John S. Brownstein JS,
Bruno W. Sobral. Integration and visualization of host-pathogen data
related to infectious diseases. *Bioinformatics*. 2011 Jun 27. [Epub
ahead of print] PubMed PMID: 21712250.

**Abstract**

.. section-1:

Infectious disease research is generating an increasing amount of
disparate data on pathogenic systems. There is a growing need for
resources that effectively integrate, analyze, deliver and visualize
these data, both to improve our understanding of infectious diseases and
to facilitate the development of strategies for disease control and
prevention.

We have developed Disease View, an online hostpathogen resource that
enables infectious disease-centric access, analysis, and visualization
of host-pathogen interactions. In this resource, we associate infectious
diseases with corresponding pathogens, provide information on pathogens,
pathogen virulence genes and the genetic and chemical evidences for the
human genes that are associated with the diseases. We also deliver the
relationships between pathogens, genes, and diseases in an interactive
graph and provide the geolocation reports of associated diseases around
the globe in real time. Unlike many other resources, we have applied an
iterative, user-centered design process to the entire resource
development, including data acquisition, analysis, and visualization.
Availability and Implementation: Freely available at
http://www.patricbrc.org; all major web browsers supported.

.. section-2:

`View Full Paper <http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/21712250>`__ at
PubMed
