==========================================================
Tuberculosis Community Annotation Project (TBCAP) Jamboree
==========================================================


:date:   2012-02-24T12:57:01+00:00

A collaborative Tuberculosis Community Annotation Project (TBCAP)
Jamboree has been organized for the first week of March to improve the
annotation of the Mycobacterium tuberculosis genome sequence and
increase the value of this community resource.  It will do so by hosting
a forum to which all community members can contribute data and knowledge
that will be captured and displayed with respect to the genome sequence,
and provide the current TBCAP community members an opportunity to review
and revise annotations before they are publicly released.

Prior to the jamboree, all tuberculosis researchers are invited to
contribute data from a variety of sources, including data from
individual investigator initiated studies as well as large-scale data
generation efforts.  Examples of the kinds of data and information that
will be gathered includes: revised gene predictions; gene names and
functions; metabolic, signaling and regulatory pathways; transcription
factor binding sites; immune epitopes; polymorphisms, etc.  These data
will be organized and integrated with other publicly available data
through a variety of analytical and visualization
tools. Researchers will be invited to join TBCAP working groups
organized around major topic areas to review these data.  During the
Jamboree, TBCAP participants will review these data, identify areas of
the annotation requiring additional revision or correction, work to
address these issues, and generate a summary of the improved annotation
along with recommendations for future work.  The revised annotation will
be publicly released and submitted to NCBI.

The infrastructure to support the community annotation will be provided
through the collaboration of the NIAID funded Genomic Sequencing Center
at the Broad Institute, the NIAID funded Bioinformatics Resource Center
at Virginia Tech (PATRIC) and the Gates-funded TBDB housed at Stanford
and Broad, three groups with considerable experience handling large
scale genomic data and building annotation data bases and interfaces to
promote community review and revision.

If you have data that would contribute to a more comprehensive
annotation of the M. tb. genome and our understanding of the biology of
the organism please contact the TBCAP via Patrick
Brennan (\ `Patrick.Brennan@colostate.edu <mailto:atrick.Brennan@colostate.edu>`__).

We hope this Jamboree will be part of an ongoing process in which the TB
research community works together to improve the value of the
annotation.
