=====================================================================================
TolC-Dependent Secretion of an Ankyrin Repeat-Containing Protein of Rickettsia typhi.
=====================================================================================


:Date:   2012-09-24T14:52:02+00:00

 

Kaur, S. J., M. S. Rahman, et al. (2012). “**TolC-Dependent Secretion of
an Ankyrin Repeat-Containing Protein of Rickettsia typhi.**” J Bacteriol
194(18): 4920-4932.  doi: 10.1128/JB.00793-12.  PMID: 22773786.  PMCID:
PMC3430354.

**Abstract**

Rickettsia typhi, the causative agent of murine (endemic) typhus, is an
obligate intracellular pathogen with a life cycle involving both
vertebrate and invertebrate hosts. In this study, we characterized a
gene (RT0218) encoding a C-terminal ankyrin repeat domain-containing
protein, named Rickettsia ankyrin repeat protein 1 (RARP-1), and
identified it as a secreted effector protein of R. typhi. RT0218 showed
differential transcript abundance at various phases of R. typhi
intracellular growth. RARP-1 was secreted by R. typhi into the host
cytoplasm during in vitro infection of mammalian cells. Transcriptional
analysis revealed that RT0218 was cotranscribed with adjacent genes
RT0217 (hypothetical protein) and RT0216 (TolC) as a single
polycistronic mRNA. Given one of its functions as a facilitator of
extracellular protein secretion in some Gram-negative bacterial
pathogens, we tested the possible role of TolC in the secretion of
RARP-1. Using Escherichia coli C600 and an isogenic tolC insertion
mutant as surrogate hosts, our data demonstrate that RARP-1 is secreted
in a TolC-dependent manner. Deletion of either the N-terminal signal
peptide or the C-terminal ankyrin repeats abolished RARP-1 secretion by
wild-type E. coli. Importantly, expression of R. typhi tolC in the E.
coli tolC mutant restored the secretion of RARP-1, suggesting that TolC
has a role in RARP-1 translocation across the outer membrane. This work
implies that the TolC component of the putative type 1 secretion system
of R. typhi is involved in the secretion process of RARP-1.
