:github_url: https://github.com/PATRIC3/p3_docs/blob/master/docroot/news/20130116-peptide-nucleic-acids-inhibit-growth-of-brucella-suis-in-pure-culture-and-in-infected-murine-macrophages.rst

========================================================================================================
Peptide nucleic acids inhibit growth of Brucella suis in pure culture and in infected murine macrophages
========================================================================================================

.. feed-entry::
   :date: 2013-01-16

 

Rajasekaran, P., J. C. Alexander, M. N. Seleem, N. Jain, N.
Sriranganathan, A. R. Wattam, J. C. Setubal and S. M. Boyle (2013).
“**Peptide nucleic acids inhibit growth of *Brucella suis* in pure
culture and in infected murine macrophages**.”  Int J Antimicrob Ag
(2013).  Article in Press doi: 10.1016/j.ijantimicag.2012.11.017

**Abstract**

Peptide nucleic acids (PNAs) are single-stranded, synthetic nucleic acid
analogues containing a pseudopeptide backbone in place of the
phosphodiester sugar–phosphate. When PNAs are covalently linked to
cell-penetrating peptides (CPPs) they readily penetrate the bacterial
cell envelope, inhibit expression of targeted genes and cause growth
inhibition both of Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria. However,
the effectiveness of PNAs against \ *Brucella*, a facultative
intracellular bacterial pathogen, was unknown. The susceptibility of a
virulent \ *Brucella suis* strain to a variety of PNAs was assessed in
pure culture as well as in murine macrophages. The studies showed that
some of the PNAs targeted to \ *Brucella* genes involved in DNA
(*polA*, \ *dnaG*, \ *gyrA*), RNA (*rpoB*), cell envelope (*asd*), fatty
acid (*kdtA*, \ *acpP*) and protein (*tsf*) synthesis inhibit the growth
of \ *B. suis* in culture and in macrophages after 24h of treatment. PNA
treatment inhibited \ *Brucella* growth by interfering with gene
expression in a sequence-specific and dose-dependent manner at
micromolar concentrations. The most effective PNA in broth culture was
that targeting \ *polA* at ca. 12μM. In contrast, in \ *B.
suis*-infected macrophages, the most effective PNAs were those
targeting \ *asd* and *dnaG* at 30μM; both of these PNAs had little
inhibitory effect on \ *Brucella* in broth culture. The _polA_PNA that
inhibits wild-type \ *B. suis* also inhibits the growth of
wild-type \ *Brucella melitensis* 16M and \ *Brucella abortus* 2308 in
culture. This study reveals the potential usefulness of antisense PNA
constructs as novel therapeutic agents against
intracellular \ *Brucella*.
