:github_url: https://github.com/PATRIC3/p3_docs/blob/master/docroot/news/20140305-comparative-phylogenomics-and-evolution-of-the-brucellae-reveal-a-path-to-virulence.rst

====================================================================================
Comparative phylogenomics and evolution of the Brucellae reveal a path to virulence.
====================================================================================

.. feed-entry::
   :date: 2014-03-05

Wattam AR, Foster JT, Mane SP, Beckstrom-Sternberg SM,
Beckstrom-Sternberg JM, Dickerman AW, Keim P, Pearson T, Shukla M, Ward
DV, Williams KP, Sobral BW, Tsolis RM, Whatmore AM, O’Callaghan D
(2014). “**Comparative phylogenomics and evolution of the brucellae: A
path to virulence**.” Journal of Bacteriology, 196(5): 920-30.  doi:
10.1128/JB.01091-13.  PMID: 24336939.  PMCID: PMC3957692.

**Abstract**

Brucella species include important zoonotic pathogens that have a
substantial impact on both agriculture and human health throughout the
world. Brucellae are thought of as “stealth pathogens” that escape
recognition by the host innate immune response, modulate the acquired
immune response, and evade intracellular destruction. We analyzed the
genome sequences of members of the family Brucellaceae to assess its
evolutionary history from likely free-living soil-based progenitors into
highly successful intracellular pathogens. Phylogenetic analysis split
the genus into two groups: recently identified and early-dividing
“atypical” strains and a highly conserved “classical” core clade
containing the major pathogenic species. Lateral gene transfer events
brought unique genomic regions into Brucella that differentiated them
from Ochrobactrum and allowed the stepwise acquisition of virulence
factors that include a type IV secretion system, a perosamine-based O
antigen, and systems for sequestering metal ions that are absent in
progenitors. Subsequent radiation within the core Brucella resulted in
lineages that appear to have evolved within their preferred mammalian
hosts, restricting their virulence to become stealth pathogens capable
of causing long-term chronic infections.
