=========================================================================================
Body Weight Selection Affects Quantitative Genetic Correlated Responses in Gut Microbiota
=========================================================================================


:date:   2014-03-07T15:23:41+00:00

Meng, H., Zhang, Y., L. Zhao, W. Zhao, C. He, C.F. Honaker, Z. Zhai, Z.
Sun, P.B. Siegel (2014). “**Body Weight Selection Affects Quantitative
Genetic Correlated Responses in Gut Microbiota.**” PLoS ONE 9(3):
e89862. doi: 10.1371/journal.pone.0089862.  PMID: 24608294. 
PMCID: PMC3946484

 

**Abstract**

The abundance of gut microbiota can be viewed as a quantitative trait,
which is affected by the genetics and environment of the host. To
quantify the effects of host genetics, we calculated the heritability of
abundance of specific microorganisms and genetic correlations among them
in the gut microbiota of two lines of chickens maintained under the same
husbandry and dietary regimes. The lines, which originated from a common
founder population, had undergone >50 generations of selection for high
(HW) or low (LW) 56-day body weight and now differ by more than 10-fold
in body weight at selection age. We identified families of
Paenibacillaceae, Streptococcaceae, Helicobacteraceae, and
Burkholderiaceae that had moderate heritabilities. Although there were
no obvious phenotypic correlations among gut microbiota, significant
genetic correlations were observed. Moreover, the effects were modified
by genetic selection for body weight, which altered the quantitative
genetic background of the host. Heritabilities for Bacillaceae,
Flavobacteriaceae, Helicobacteraceae, Comamonadaceae, Enterococcaceae,
and Streptococcaceae were moderate in LW line and little to zero in the
HW line. These results suggest that loci associated with these
microbiota families, while exhibiting genetic variation in LW, have been
fixed in HW line. Also, long term selection for body weight has altered
the genetic correlations among gut microbiota. No microbiota families
had significant heritabilities in both the LW and HW lines suggesting
that the presence and/or absence of a particular microbiota family
either has a strong growth promoting or inhibiting effect, but not both.
These results demonstrate that the quantitative genetics of the host
have considerable influence on the gut microbiota.
