:github_url: https://github.com/PATRIC3/p3_docs/blob/master/docroot/news/20161011-update-patricrast-tutorial-workshop-nov-9-11-2016.rst

==================================================
PATRIC/RAST Tutorial Workshop December 12-14, 2016
==================================================


:date:   2016-10-11T10:44:43+00:00

The PATRIC/RAST teams will be offering a tutorial on December 12-14,
2016 at Argonne National Laboratory in the suburbs of Chicago, IL. The
workshop will run for three days with the third day optional and devoted
solely to participants working on their own problems with help from the
PATRIC/RAST team members. The tutorial will show participants how to
assemble a genome from reads, annotate that genome, and then compare
that genome to the public genomes available in PATRIC using a suite of
comparative analysis tools. In addition, participants will be able to
construct a metabolic model for their genome, load and analyze RNA-Seq
data, and identify and annotate sequence variation using PATRIC’s new
variation analysis service.

`Click here for the proposed Workshop
Agenda <http://enews.patricbrc.org/wp-content/uploads/2016/11/PATRIC_Agenda_ANL_12-14-Dec-2016.pdf>`__.

The workshop will be limited to 20 people on a first-come, first-served
basis. While there is no fee for the workshop, participants are
responsible for their own travel expenses. If you wish to participate,
we encourage you to respond quickly to India Gordon at
rast-workshop@mcs.anl.gov.

NOTE: All workshop attendees must also separately fill out the “Argonne
Visitor Request” form at
https://webapps.anl.gov/registration/visitors/\ as soon as possible —
but especially non-U.S. Citizens, since they will take additional time
to be cleared. Please enter <*igordon@anl.gov*> as your “Sponsor’s
e-mail address.”
