# Comparative Pathway KEGG Map

## Accessing the Comparative Pathway KEGG Map on the PATRIC Website

This tool is accessible via the “KEGG Map” Tab, which is accessed by
clicking on any Pathway Name in the initial search results page
generated within our Comparative pathway Tool. For information on how to
use the Comparative pathway Tool please see [Comparative Pathway Tool
FAQs](/content/Comparative_Pathway).

### Pathway Sources

All pathways at PATRIC come from the Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and
Genomes, commonly known as [KEGG](http://www.genome.jp/kegg/).

### KEGG Map Numbers

The numbers in the boxes are Enzyme Commission, or EC numbers. These
numbers are part of a numerical classification schema that has been
developed for enzymes and the chemical reactions they catalyze.

### Color Coding

The box containing the EC number will be one of three colors. Note the
colors are specific to your chosen annotation source, which is PATRIC by
default. If you change annotation sources, the colors may change as
well.

-   A bright green color indicates that a protein with this EC number
    has been annotated in all the genomes chosen in your original
    Comparative Pathway Tool search.

-   A muted green color indicates that a protein with this EC number has
    been annotated in at least one, but not all, genomes chosen in your
    original Comparative Pathway Tool search by that specific annotation
    source.

-   White indicates that the annotation source did not identify a
    protein with that EC number.

## Names Associated with EC numbers

Scrolling over the box that contains the EC number will tell you the
name of the EC number. You may also chose to show the “Description”
column (hidden by default), within the EC Table by clicking the arrow in
the top of any column, scrolling down to Columns, and checking the box
next to Description.

## Related Pathways

Generally, an individual KEGG pathway will show different associated
pathways that specific enzymes play a part in. These pathways are named
and are found on the KEGG Map in boxes with rounded corners. Clicking
the link that appears when scrolling over one of these boxes will take
you to that pathway. Alternatively, you could begin a new [Comparative
Pathway Tool](/app/ComparativePathway) Search using the pathway name as
a keyword in the initial search criteria.

## EC Table

This table, located to the left of the KEGG Map, allows you to easily
compare EC numbers at a glance.

## EC Table Features and Functionality

-   The columns may be shown and/or sorted as described in [Feature
    Table FAQs](/content/Feature_Table).

-   From here you may also select Annotation Source. To learn more about
    annotation sources, see [Annotation
    FAQs](/content/Genome_Annotations).

-   Select any cell within the column and the associated EC number will
    be highlighted in red within the KEGG Map.

-   Click on any Feature Count number within the table to access a new
    Comparative Pathways Table, containing all of the data for all of
    the genomes associated with that particular EC number.
